Name of The Project - QUICKPORT365 (Cargo application)

Description:

	It is a web-based application and the main goal of this project is to establish a portal where user can schedule door step pickup and drop off,
additionally they can tract basic shipment details, order history,raise complaint.
drivers may use their dashboard to check the assigned orders and also they can update shipment status.  
Mean while admin also track bookings,user issues and their status in secure way.

Customer Relationship Management is a web-based application and the main objective of the application is to store all the records like customers profiles, 
their purchases and payments. 
Based on their purchases our application gives some grades, based on those grades customers get reward points. 
Additionally, customers can raise complaints and concerns through application. 

Roles & responsibilities:

Responsible for creating models and queries to access the data from the database using django ORM 
Performing the crud operations to models and making effective functionality to model records 
Sending the mail and messages based on status of the parcel to the users and drivers by using django built-in email module and third party services 
Making operations for the driver dashboard and wrote logic for contact of the user to the application 


Name of The Project - PVH Digital Sign Up and Support

Description: 

PVH Digital Sign Up is a Web Application Project and is related to Customer Relationship Management.
The objective of this project involves APIs and ETL process to sync the Customer Profile Data and also transactions 
related data of all online and offline stores of the client there by creating a centralized unified system for 
Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfer Brands. It uses various Azure cloud services to accomplish this task like the Azure App Services, Azure Functions. 


Customer Relationship Management is a web based application and the main objective of the application is to store all the records like customers profiles,their purchases and 
payments,based on their purchases our application give some grades, based on those grades customes get reward points.additionally customers can raise comlaints and concerns through application. 


Roles & Responsibilities: 

Understanding and analysing the Project requirements. 
Developed  2 APIs as per requirements. 
Used Postman Tool for API Testing. 
Involved in writing stored procedures. 




1NF no multiple values in each and every column
2NF it has to be in 1nf, should not contain partial depen
3nf 2nf, transitive dependency
boyce 



Name of The Project - Software Cloud

It is web based application the main object of the application is to provide multiple services to 
software cloud users,which means whatever the services required in their projects can easily get from this application.

Roles & Responsibilities: 

Implemented Custom admin panel as per the requirement. 
worked on the Authorization
worked on the shade services 
validations to filter unnecessary quota 


worked on persistent cloud  a@1234546

raise the requst
\Worked on the cloud base



 